LEARNING OUTCOMES
Why do we separate HTML and CSS?
    HTML and CSS serve different functions on a webpage, thus it makes sense for them
    to be separated. HTML outlines the basic content of the webpage, and CSS styles it.
What are classes and IDs (and how are they different?)
    Classes and IDs help to link HTML elements to CSS. CSS uses the class or ID names
    of certain HTML elements to apply certain styles to those elements. IDs are different
    than classes in that they must be unique.
What are elements?
    Elements are individual, semantic components of HTML. They are like the building 
    blocks of the document, denoting meaning to its segments. For example, the p element
    is used to hold paragraph content. 
What are tags?
    In HTML, tags are syntactic markers to denote the start and end of an element. 
What are attributes?
    Attributes reside within elements and its starting tag, and provide additional
    information to an element. For example, "class: className" is an attribute
    that can be added to an element.
What are forms?
    A form is an HTML element that denotes a section of the webpage that the user must
    input information into, which can then be sent to a server for processing.
What is a div?
    A div is an HTML element that can be used to group other HTML elements together. 
    They create *divisions* within an document.
What are selectors?
    Selectors are components of CSS that are used to *select* certain HTML elements
    so that styles can be applied to them.
What are properties?
    Properties are characterizing elements of a CSS selected item that styles can by 
    applied to. 
What are values?
    Values define what quantative values CSS properties are set to.
What is the "query string" in a URL and what does it do?
    The query string is a portion of the URL that contains key words and are processed
    by the web server.
What is the difference between "pixels" and "ems"?
    Pixels are a static unit of measurement. Ems is a measurement relative to the
    parent.
How do CSS styles for a particular element get inherited? i.e. how does an element 
get its “default” styles?
    CSS styles for an element get inherited from its parent element. If its parent
    element doesn't have the style defined, then the style from the parent of the 
    parent is inherited, and so on. In this way, assignment of a style 'cascades'
    through the parent elements starting with the most immediate parent.
What are two CSS attributes you can change to push an element around on the page?
    Margin and padding. 
What are the three different ways to include CSS in your project or use CSS to style 
a particular element?
    As a separate .css file, included in <head> tag. Using the <style> and </style> tags. 
    Inline.
What is the “default stylesheet” or “user agent stylesheet”?
    The default stylesheet is CSS styling built into the browser that is applied when 
    no other styling is supplied.
Why use a CSS reset file?
    Since each browser has its own default stylesheet, developers can use a CSS reset
    to help make their own CSS file(s) more compatible across a wider range of 
    browsers.

KNOWLEDGE CHECK
For accessibility in HTML, what is the attribute used to describe an image (on screen 
readers or if it fails to load)?
    alt.
What is the difference between CSS Grid and Flexbox?
    Flexbox is one-dimensional while grid is multidimensional.
For a responsive website, should it be designed mobile-first or desktop-first?
    Mobile, because it prioritizes what is functionally necessary given the lack of
    space on mobile websites. In general, it is easier to scale up.
Describe the components of the CSS Box Model.
    Every HTML element is wrapped in 3 layers of 'boxes': padding, border, and margin.
    The box model helps to orient elements within the space they exist in.
In CSS, what is a breakpoint?
    Breakpoints are how CSS deals with screens of various dimensions.
What are the two main groups of CSS properties that control typography style?
    Text and font.
What is the !important rule in CSS?
    It prioritizes a property and its values over other styling. It will override
    all other styling. 
    